testInvalidFloatInputA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok

testInvalidFloatInputB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidFloatInputC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidOverMaxInputA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidOverMaxInputB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidOverMaxInputC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidStringInputA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidStringInputB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidStringInputC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidSumSidesA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidSumSidesB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidSumSidesC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidUnderMinInputA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidUnderMinInputB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testInvalidUnderMinInputC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidEquilateralTriangles (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidIsoscelesTriangleA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidIsoscelesTriangleB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidIsoscelesTriangleC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidRightTriangleA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidRightTriangleB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidRightTriangleC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidScaleneTriangleA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidScaleneTriangleB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidScaleneTriangleC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidSumSidesA (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidSumSidesB (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok
testValidSumSidesC (TestTriangle.TestTriangles) ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 28 tests in 0.001s

OK
